Master Youlin is here
Eight banquets exhaust extraordinary
Just happened to meet here
Please tell me.
I'm flattered, that's it
It's getting late
I will arrange for Lahu to send you back.
OK.
Goodbye!
Yo
Master Lin for one night
Just play so much with us
It's really our big money
In Kampang
There are no fewer than 200 casinos
But Master Lin just came to play with us
What does that mean?
It means that only my brother Fei is worthy to play with him
Yeah, no.
Lin Shao seems to have gone to Henry's side
Said never to come to us again
Ask him for the specific reason, and he won't say anything.
How is that possible?
There must be another reason
I went over and asked him myself
He said he would never come to us again
And he threw me out.
Without further ado
Go back now.
Ning Shao
I have prepared some small gifts for you for your group.
I also hope that Ning Shao will accept it with a smile.
OK, I'll take it then.
Ask the boss for me.
All the itineraries of this young master in the future
It's all handled by the Henry Group